So that's it for the module.
We had a look at CSS animations and you learned that keyframes are an important part of CSS
animations.
You learned that you can define all animation steps with keyframes, either with from and to or with detailed
percentage values.
I also mentioned that you can animate as many properties and values as you want and also important
to know, these properties can also differ between the different steps, you can animate whatever you
want.
Some properties won't be animatable though but there, they will just snap to the next value.
If you define a timing function on the animation, this timing function will affect how the values
are transition between the keyframes defined by you. Nnow that already leads us to the animation property,
there you defined which keyframe set should be played and over which duration it should be played.
You can optionally add a delay and you can define how often the animation should be repeated,
if you don't set an iteration count, it will be played only once.
If you've got multiple iterations, you can also define if they should alternate or always start at the
beginning again. With animation fill mode,
you can also decide if the properties of the last keyframe should be kept after the animation or if the
properties of the first frame should be applied before the animation starts already.
And finally, you also saw that you can listen to animation events with the help of Javascript.